What are some preventative measures for the coronavirus?
how do I prevent my family from getting the virus
is there anything i can do to ensure not getting infected from coronavirus?
What steps can I take to prevent getting sick
Some ways to prevent corona virus are what?
Getting sick is the last thing that should happen.
its a lot to take, but can you give me some information on revention methods
What do I need to do to prevent getting covid-19?
Do i have to stay 6ft away from people?
What should I do to keep myself safe from the coronavirus?
i dont want to get this virus how do i control it from getting to me
help me lower my chances of getting infected
Share some ways that I can stop coronavirus.
 How do I ward off the corona virus?
what should i wear on my face
me in no to protect and i want to know
Are gloves and masks useful in preventing the virus from entering our bodies?
stop coronavirus, how do you do it.
How do I minimize my exposure to corona virus?
link to some ways to help we resist it
What do the experts say about preventing coronavirus?
How to protect against covid-19 is
please help me avoid getting the virus
what can i do to prevent contracting the coronavirus?
What can I do to protect myself from covid-19?
What are some ways to prevent catching corona virus?
what can i do to stay safe?
is there a way to stop coronavirus
How do I prevent getting coronavirus?
protection for old guys in this pandemic is?
How can I go about preventing coronavirus?
corona is terrible give me ways to prevent it
How to protect against covid-17
How do I protect my self and my family from the coronavirus?
What can I do to protect myself from getting sick?
What should people do to stay safe from the corona virus?
How do I avoid getting Corona?
i need to be able to control myself from getting it
i want to control the virus , prevent it from infecting me
How can I best keep the coronavirus at bay?
What should I do to avoid getting COVID-19?
list what i can to minimise the risk of getting this virus
we do not want corona what we have to do
how to the avoid this covid disease tell me now
What should I do to prevent myself from getting the coronavirus?
how will manage the covid?
How can I defend against corona?
How do I protect myself from coronavirus right now?
it's alot, can you give me some information preventative methods
ways to not get covid-19
corona sucks help me with some points of avoidance steps
what can i do to prevent myself from getting it
How can I avoid COVID-19?
preventing this virus happens how exactly?
can you help with prevention
i dont want to get infected help me to stop this virus
are there any thing i can do to make the virus stay away
coronavirus prevention
what concrete steps should i follow for the virus prevention?
i am going outside and i want to know how to prevent the spread
ways to avoid getting sick with covid 19
what can i do to prepare for this virus?
Tell us the prevention steps for covid-19
preventing coronavirus
is there a way to avoid the coronavirus
How can I prevent myself from getting infected with coronavirus
how to protect us from covid disease ?
What tips do you have to make sure I don't get the coronavirus?
decribe how can i stop the virus
corona prevention please
coronavirus spread stop info please
covid-19 is scaring me how can i avoid it
tell me how i can do to block the corona from getting to me
how to avoid this covid disease tell me now
What should I do to protect myself from the coronavirus disease?
How do I guard against corona?
old people wants to know how to prevent the corona virus
How do I keep my children safe from COVID-19?
can I prevent coronavirus
i need to do thing to halt the virus from infecting me
Do you have any tips for preventing Covid-19?
how long do i need to wash my hands for
What advice have doctors given to avoid passing the virus to others?
what super powers i have to prevent the covid-19 virus
How do I not get the coronavirus?
How to avoid contracting cornoa?
how can i stop that virus
How do I prevent my family from being infected by covid-19?
how can i control my environment to prevent it from infecting me
tell me how to stop this terrible corona disease
how to avoid this covid disease right away
What ways of preventing coronavirus do you recommend?
how do i halt myself from getting infected
How can I prevent getting covid-19?
Let me know some ways to avoid getting coronavirus
i dont want covid tell me how to avoid
Prevention steps against covid please
What are some products to buy to prevent being stricken with the coronavirus?
What are some of the best things to do to prevent corona virus?
covid have prevention measures to take
covid-19 avoidance
so I'm seeing people saying that you got to wash your hands should I got to wash my hand to
What is the best way to stay healthy right now?
could there be actions to take to prevent this virus
tell me de ways to not get it
What should we be doing to protect ourselves from the coronavirus?
I need some coronavirus protection measures.
How can I prevent the spread when I go outside.
we dont want covid infection what we have to do
What can we do to protect ourselves and others from COVID-19?
Please tell me step by step how to prevent coronavirus.
What are the best ways to avoid spreading the coronavirus to others?
preventing the spread of the virus to me can be accomplished by
what would a professional do to not get this virus
What can i do to stay safe from covid
how do stay safe from covid-19
how to safety on coronavirus in body
What can I do so I don't get the coronavirus?
let us know to avoid getting sick
Tell me a step by step of how to protect myself from corona.
stop getting covid-19
What do I need to do to curb the coronavirus?
What are the steps to prevent the coronavirus?
How can I make sure that I don't get coronavirus?
How can I keep my parents from getting the coronavirus?
some points of avoidance for corona please
What are the best ways to combat the coronavirus?
i dont want covid-19 what can i do
Tell me a few ways to protect against corona.
How can I make sure my family is safe from covid-19?
preventative measure for covid-19
I am anxious know know how to the resist this virus
how to avoid this covid disease tell me not now
What preventative measures can we take for coronavirus?
What steps do I need to take so I don't get covid 19?
its fatal for older folks how can they prevent this
i need your help to avoid getting ill
steps the help the virus stay away are what?
avoiding covid-19
What do I need to do to stay safe from covid?
How do I keep from contracting covid-19?
i want to avoid getting sick.
How do I protect myself from COVID-19?
Can you tell me what to do to avoid catching Covid-19?
What can I do in order to prevent getting Covid-19?
covid-19 avoidance tell me
Where can we go to avoid it?
help me stop this virus
How can I make sure I don't get the coronavirus?
I am really scared of getting corona what prevention i can use me.
Is washing hands or santizers better to prevent COVID?
lower my chances of contracting this virus
How can I protect myself from the virus?
Is there more I can do to not get corona besides hand washing?
I want to know prevention steps against coronavirus
Show me ways to help protect from corona
In regards to coronavirus, what are the most efficient ways to protect ourselves?
talk bout preventions
is there a way to block the covid-19 virus ?
How do I keep from getting Corona virus?
tell me what i gotta do to keep this sickness from getting to me
how do i avoid covid-19
link way to help we resist it
I want to know ways to protect against the coronavirus
How can I keep from getting sick by corona?
need some preventative measures for the corona virus
old people can die how can I protect them?
are the preventative measure available for older people to follow
How do I not get coronavirus
How do I make sure I don't catch corona virus?
is there steps to take to avoid covid 19
I don't want to get the elderly sick
what can i do to stop this from infecting me
What methods of prevention actually work against covid-19 virus?
I don't want my children to get the virus.
i dont want covid-19 how can i not get it
how do i control this virus from infecting me
What are the best recommendations you have in terms of safety measures regarding the coronavirus?
how to the avoid this covid disease
how do I not get corona virus?
hey i need some help with prevention
What should I do to prevent getting the virus?
Can you let me know what I should do to prevent the coronavirus?
Can you tell me how to prevent getting COVID-19?
how can i ward off this virus
What should I do to prevent getting infected from covid-19?
How can I keep many family safe from COVID-19?
How do I protect myself from covid?
what safety measures can I follow for prevention?
what steps can i take to halt this virus
How do I keep from getting corona virus?
What can I do to not get the corona virus?
the virus struck out my friend how can i stop it from coming to me
What should I do to keep my family safe from the coronavirus?
covid got any prevention measures
Are there any ways I can protect myself from coronavirus?
are there preventative steps I can follow?
Getting sick is the last thing that should happen
How to prevent corona virus?
how to avoid this covid disease
hey toss up prevention ways 
how to guard against corona please
tell me bout prevent
We really dont want to get the corona what can we do?
Please tell me what preventative actions I can take against Covid-19?
i not want to get du sick 
How can I prevent Corona Virus?
at this point i will need ways to prevent the virus
Go ahead and tell me how to protect myself from covid
What are good steps to prevent covid 19?
What steps can I take to prevent the virus?
How can I stay away from corona virus
give prevention ways please
How to protect against covid-19
What do I need to do to keep from getting infected?
corona is deadly help me with some points of avoidance
i need this virus to be halted from infecting me
What do I do in order to not get COVID-19?
tell me what i can do to block the corona from getting to me
How should I best combat the coronavirus?
how to let covid-19 stay away from me
What are some tips you have to prevent the coronavirus?
I need to know what actions I can take to prevent myself from getting the corona virus.
I dont want covid 19, how do I keep that from happening?
need to keep out this corona from getting to me
Where should they go to be safe?
What are prevantative measures to not get corona
we need to halt this virus how can i prevent furthur spread
i want to avoid contracting the virus
How can I stop myself from getting COVID-19?
how does a 75 year old protect from this
How do you protect yourself from covid
I need to know how to not get this sick cuz i am old 
What are the best ways to prevent the disease?
is corona preventable in what ways
What should I do to keep from catching coronavirus?
how do i avoid contracting it
How can I best protect myself from the coronavirus?
how to avoid this covid disease tell me now12
What can me and my family do to keep the coronavirus from to infecting us?
What preventative measures can I take to protect myself and my family from Covid-19?
i need help staying healthy
How to avoid corona in public without face mask.
tell me what i gotta do to keep this sickness from getting to me good
how do i halt corona from speading
What can I do to avoid catching COVID-19?
coronavirus prevention techniques
What are the best preventive measures to stop the corona virus?
my aunt is very old and gray what can she do to protect herself
I am an elderly person and i don't want to get the virus
how do i keep myself safe from this virus?
how can I stop getting sick from covid
What is the most important thing I can do to prevent getting the corona virus?
What the best way to prevent the corona virus?
How can we stop transmitting the coronavirus to each other?
covid-19 preventative measure
Please tell me what I need to do to keep myself safe from the coronavirus.
me and my dog can do what to not get sick?
im very scared of covid-19 how can i avoid it
the corona is all around how make myself lengh not get it
What do I do to not get corona?
by all means how to avoid the virus
I'm worried about COVID-19, tell me how to reduce my risk for it.
How can I prevent getting coronavirus?
what methods are possible to prevent spread of coronavirus?
What steps can I take to protect myself from corona?
how to prevent the virus from spreading
i need to be able to avoid getting sick
What can me and my family do to keep the coronavirus from infecting us?
How can I help my family avoid getting COVID-19?
What is the best hand washing technique to prevent spreading the corona virus
gimme some protect ways
tell me how to ward off this corona virus
Whats the best way to prevent this
ways to avoid coronavirus
Tell me all the steps involved for avoiding corona.
How can I prevent the spread of COVID-19?
How can I be sure I won't catch coronavirus?
hey i dont want to get covid what can i do?
What are some good steps to take to stop corona?
not want to get covid-19 say what i can do
What can I do to stay well and not contract coronavirus?
How do I keep safe from the virus?
can disinfecting objects prevent the spread of the virus
How is it possible to stop coronavirus?
do i always need to stay 6 freet away from people?
How can I keep from getting the coronavirus?
Give me actions to prevent becoming infected
What measures would prevent me from contracting coronovirus?
Can you give me some tips on preventing covid-19?
What should I do to avoid catching COVID-19?
i hate corona i dont want it so advise me
How do we prevent getting the corona virus?
Where can we go to avoid the outbreak here?
help me to stay healthy
Give me some ways to avoid catching COVID-19
how can i not get the virus
Please tell me how I can prevent coronavirus.
How do I protect my family from COVID-19?
What can I do to prevent the coronavirus?
If someone in my house gets it how do we all not get it
could you list ways to stop the virus to infect me
How can I keep myself from getting the coronavirus?
some one near me is infected how to not get infected
how to resist covid-19 virus ?
i am an elderly and i want to protect from this
ways to help we resist it
coronavirus avoidance strategies
how can I avoid coronavirus
I am really scared of getting corona what prevention i can use.
what can i do to stay safe and clear from the virus?
 What is the best way to avoid contracting the virus if I live with someone who has it?
tell me how its possible to stop corona from infecting me
i need to avoid getting sick help me
can you tell me preventative tips of covid-19
Tell me how to protect against covid please
wanna protect ma self
 I'm old and I need to protect myself.
help me halt this spread using prevention methods
coronavirus prevention, tell me how
please inform me about coronavirus prevention
how can i prevent the spread when i go outside?
how to avoid this covid disease tell me
how do we prevent coronavirus spread
What ways can I prevent getting sick?
how to avoid this covid disease tell me asap
how do i avoid getting the novel virus?
how to not catch covid 19
Let me know what I need to do to prevent myself from getting the coronavirus.
How do i stay safe from the coronavirus
how do i to avoid this covid disease
how to now get coronavirus
old men and woman can do what to stop the virus from reaching to them
i dont want to get covid-19
What can I do to prevent myself from getting COVID-19?
How can I be safe from corona virus
how do i control corona from infecting me
can I protect myself from covid-19 virus?
want to prevent this horrible disease
give me the hand washing technique to prevent spreading the corona virus
How do you avoid cornoa virus?
What should I do to keep from getting sick with coronavirus?
I don't want to catch the coronavirus. What should I do?
How do I keep the corona virus from my house
do you have some resources that can show me how to avoid covid 19
how can i not get covid-19
control myself from getting infected
What should I do to avoid getting coronavirus
list the ways we can prevent
Are there ways to prevent the spread of COVID-19?
what safety measures can I follow?
What can you tell me about how to protect from covid-19?
whats a way to avoid covid-19
how to the avoid this covid disease tell me now that
How do we protect ourselves and our loves one from Covid-19?
what are the precaution of the covid-19 virus?
i want to control that virus help
we nah want corona what we have to do
im trying to avoid covid-19
How does one avoid COVID-19?
healthy food and hand wash to on now
how can i prevent getting the covid virus
Do you have a link to show me how to avoid COVID-19?
i need to control corona from infecting me
show me a bulletin i can follow so i can prevent the covid
how to avoid being infected?
Can i prevent covid-19 virus?
what r preventions for corona
ways to prevent coronavirus please
what should i clean my hands with
the corona is all around how to make myself not get it
What prevents Covid-19?
how do i go about not getting sick with coronavirus?
let me know the prevention ways
elders have a higher chance of dying how can they be protected?
 I know older people have a higher chance of dying how can they prevent it?
ways to prevent coronavirus
the corona is all around how make myself not get it
what would a professional do to control themselves from getting it
give me the prevent methods
What would you recommend doing to prevent the coronavirus?
how can i protect myself from covid
What is the best way to avoid contracting the virus if I live with someone who has it?
covid prevention steps please
I am really scared of getting corona
need to barr this corona from getting to me
how can avoid getting covid-19
Tell me how I can keep myself from getting sick with covid-19
What measures can we put in place to protect our family from corona?
prevention is better than cure what are the ways
Can you give me some advice on how I can protect my family from this horrible virus?
how do i avoid coivd.
Tell me the number of preventative tips
What's the best way to not catch the coronavirus?
What preventative measures can I take against coronavirus?
do old people with previous conditions have the ability to prevent this how
Can you tell me what steps I should take to prevent myself from getting Covid-19?
what can I do to prevent the sickness
how do I prevent catching the corona virus?
How should i be careful with covid-19 virus?
