how can i practice social distancing
What can we do to make sure we are able to practice social distancing?
i need help social distance
Is isolating myself the right thing to do?
Social distance, what is it?
I don't know what is social safe distancing can you give me more context on this
Please explain what is actually social distancing real quick
What is social distancing
Will staying home really help to stop the spread?
Why is everyone talking about social distancing and what is it?
 Does isolation prevent the virus from spreading?
If i am quarantined, can i still get sick?
I don't know what is social distancing can you explain it
When was quarantine really necessary?
Please explain what is actually social distancing asap
Some persons have been mentioning social distancing, what is it?
What is social distanacing?
please define social distancing for me.
What do you mean by social distancing?
How far away should I be from people?
Define social distancing.
Can you tell me something about social distancing?
What can you tell me about social distancing?
How do you exercise social distancing?
tell me how to social distance
can you explain to me what is meant by social distancing?
What does social distancing involve?
Why are we doing social distancing?
What happens if i dont quarantine?
What is the difference between social distancing and quarantine?
give me the details why social distancing is important
Can you explain social distancing?
I don't know what is social distancing can you give me more context on this . any other option
i need help with social distancing
Explain social distancing
Will social distancing keep me safe?
Please explain social distancing to me.
i about social distancing
Will social distancing heal us from the corona virus?
Give me the rundown about social distancing
How is social distancing defined?
What things can I do to socially distance?
Self isolation what is it?
How can I participate in social distancing?
When exactly should I consider self quarantine
how does one social distance
what is the term social distancing mean
purpose of social distancing
So what you know about social distance?
How do people socially distance themselves?
Please explain what is actually social distancing?
Will social distancing keep me and others safe?
How does social distancing help stop the spread of infection?
I keep hearing everyone talking about social distancing, what's that?
ways to social distance
tell me how i can social distance
Do i need to social distance from other people with the virus?
how do I social distance
Can staying home prevent the spread of the virus?
the meaning of social distancing
Can you explain to me what social distancing is?
I need more information about social distancing.
What are some ways social distancing helps to stop the spread of corona virus?
Who should i go to for information on the benefits of social distancing?
practice social distance
What can I do to make sure I'm socially distant?
i need more details about social distancing
social distancing explaination please
Do I need to isolate myself?
elaborate and define social distancing for me
What is the main reason why social distancing will help our hospitals?
Explain to me what social distancing is.
What is self isolation
Are you about social distancing?
Please explain what is actually social distancing right now
what is actually social distancing
please explain social distancing
Give me details on social distancing, please.
what social distancing means?
Are you sure that the quarantine helps
And what is social distance?
so what is social distance
I would love to practice social distancing, but i am unaware of what it is
What's the right time to isolate myself
what do you mention by social distancing
List the ways I can socially distance.
I heard social distancing
How do I distance?
Please explain what is actually social distancing to me
If I am socially distant does that mean I won't be infected?
Tell me more about social distancing asap
briefly define social distancing for me.
can you give social distancing
Need of social distancing?
Aye what's social distance?
I heard about the term social distancing for a while what is it?
Please explain self isolation
What can I do to make sure I'm socially distant
I want to practice social distancing but I need to know exactly what it is
What are the positives of social distancing?
I am puzzled by that terminology called social distancing?
How do you social distance at the store?
Social distancing, what do you mean by that?
Is social distancing really helpful?
What is the reason that social distancing will save us?
tell me about social measures on the spread of corona
I heard alot of people mentioning social distancing, what can you tell me about it?
Why does my entire family need to practice social distancing?
is quarantine really necessary?
What can you tell me about social distancing
tell me about this social distance practice that I keep hearing about
How far do I need to social distance?
I'm not quite sure what self isolation is, can you explain?
Could you explain what you mean by social distancing?
What is social distancing?
What are all the specifics behind social distancing?
I don't know what is social distancing can you give me more context on this
Can I have more information on social distancing?
Will the mask help me during my qaurantine?
Should I be considering self quarantine?
how do I actually social distance
 Should I isolate myself?
Why do i need to practice social distancing so often?
You should make sure to quarantine to not get sick?
Can you explain what social distancing means?
Should I be isolating myself?
Where should i social distance at?
Isolation prevents covid from spreading?
Could you please define social distancing for me?
What does being socially distant really mean?
How far does my distance from others need to be?
what is this thing called social distancing
Should i still quarantine if i am sick?
how can I social distance
What this social distance thing
How far away to I need to be from someone so I don't get the virus?
what is the easiest description of social distancing
How do i do social distancing
Exactly how far do I need to be from someone if I'm doing social distancing?
what is the basic description of social distancing
I heard about the term social distancing for a while what is it
tell me how social distance
What is the definition of social distancing?
I am not sure how to socially distance and need help.
When is the right time to self quarantine
Please define social distancing for me.
Please explain what is actually social distancing
Will staying at home help to prevent covid-19 from spreading?
What does social distancing even mean?
What exactly is social distance?
Is it true that isolation can prevent covid-19 from spreading?
What is the main reason why were are suppose to practice social distancing.
I just like to know more about social distancing
I don't know what is social distancing can you help me figure it out
Please explain what is actually social distancing to me now
can you tell me what exactly social distancing entails?
what is this term social distancing everyone is talking about
please give some example for social distancing
How far should I stay?
Can social distancing really stop the spreading of the virus
explain to me social distancing
I need to know exactly what social distancing is?
How do you practice social distancing?
I want to know if being away from social events can help
What is this social distancing everyone is talking about
 What should I avoid when in quarantine?
What do I need to avoid when in quarantine?
how effective is social distancing?
elaborate the meaning of social distancing.
explain how I can social distance
Can you please define social distancing to me.
what in the heck is social distancing
What's the distance that I need to stay away from other people
may i please know what social distancing is.
Tell me about social distance
What is social distancing? when
define social distancing for me please, it seems to be a hot word
Why should I practice social distancing?
I have no clue what social distancing is
How can I make sure I'm socially distant?
I'd like to know more about social distancing
ways to practice social distance
Describe social distancing please
what are examples of social distancing?
What happens if i dont practice social distancing?
I don't know what social distancing really is
what is social distance
Can you tell me what social distancing really means?
I don't know what is social distancing?
what is with this term social distancing?
Tell me more about social distancing right now
What is the distance to social distance yourself from someone with the virus?
what's the idea behind the term social distancing?
What does it mean to practice social distancing?
Please tell me what social distancing is.
Is there anything you could tell me about being socially distant?
how long are we going to be social distancing?
social distance help
what is social distancing
Is this the first time America as had to practice social distancing?
can you give me a brief explanation on social distancing
How is know about social distancing.
can you give me a brief explanation on social distancing match
What does it mean to be in a quarantine?
How can I practice social distancing?
how do yo usocial distance
Is there proof that social distancing works?
what is the practice of social distancing
what is social distanceing
What's the info on social relationships and corona virus
explain social distancing like i am a child
Do I have to social distance from my loved one?
what you mean by social distance?
  When should I be isolating myself?
what is the social distance
Is there anything you can tell me about social distance?
How do I start social distancing?
Give me the rundown of social distancing
Show me what you have on social distance
I don't know what is social distancing can you give me more context on this school
Will social distancing work?
elaborate and define social distancing.
what about the social distancing
Explain social distance
can you give me more context on this?
explicate social distancing like i am a ten year old
Imagine you want an explanation on what is social distancing?
Is it illegal to not social distance yourself?
just heard about social distancing what is it
can you say what is social distancing?
What does social distancing do?
What would you say?
How can I be socially distant
i want to start social distance
may i know what social distancing is.
ways that I can social distance
I hear people keep saying I should distance myself from others. How can I accomplish this?
What is the purpose of social distancing?
What's the definition of the term social distancing?
Why do i need to socially distance myself from others?
I don't know what is social distancing explain it
Do i need to wear a face mask while i am social distancing?
I need help with social distancing.
explain what Social distancing is about?
Why do we need to practice social distancing?
what you mean by social distance.
I've heard a lot about social distancing but I don't know what it is.
how do you social distance at work?
what exactly does social distancing mean
What's the purpose of social distancing?
I don't know what is social distancing is it good
Can isolation prevent the virus from spreading?
What does this new term social distancing mean?
can you give me a brief explanation on social distancing?
how can i social distance
Social distance is?
Tell me more about social distancing
What does social distancing mean?
What's social distancing?
Will social distancing stop Covid-19?
What can social distancing do?
Social relationships and corona virus details please
Will social distancing be forever?
Importance of social distancing?
Explain to me the term social distancing?
When should I consider self quarantine?
Info on Social relationships and corona virus
So can I assume that staying home is gonna help with preventing the spread
who can practise social distance
ways that I social distance
Hey what exactly is social distancing?
what info you have on social distancing.
How far is considered social distancing?
social distancing to very general performance
i want to social distance how can I
If I go to a winery, does that count as social distancing?
what are the way of social distancing?
what are the steps to followed to prevent?
Social distancing is a fuzzy word that i never use explain it please
I wanna make sure I'm socially distant
please explain to me social distancing
I never heard of the term social distancing can you define it for me
how can I practice social distance
Please explain what is actually social distancing quickly
I don't know what is social distancing help me
How does one social distance?
When should I isolate myself?
explain social distancing
Does staying home aids in stopping the spread
Will I be arrested if i dont practice social distancing?
Please explain what is actually social distancing now
What is this social distancing thing all about?
How can I exercise social distancing?
can you tell me what about the social distance
Explain to me the term social distancing
Please define the term social distancing please
what is this social distancing
Where can i learn more information on social distancing?
could you explain what you mean by social distance.
What is good about social distancing?
