can you tell me the number of people who have corona virus in italy
How many in the US have fallen ill with the corona virus?
How many people have coronavirus in angola ?
my grand mother was very sick with the flu can tell me if their is a possibility that the corona virus is in the Philippines
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Ukraine?
Has the coronavirus gotten to Djibouti yet?
please give me the number of persons affected with the corona in Europe
I'm concerned about my father in Canada. Are there any cases of the corona virus there?
How many cases in Zambia?
Has the coronavirus gotten to El Salvador yet?
How many confirmed corona victims does the US have?
How many people have corona virus in spain?
what are the worldwide statistics
How many people have been infected with the coronavirus in Mexico?
show me the international statistics
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Portugal?
ok i am wondering about how many cases they are worldwide
Has the coronavirus gotten to Samoa yet?
How many people in the United States have the corona virus
how much guyanese been dead from the virus
What's the current number of people with corona virus in Guyana?
Tell me how many people in Iran have the corona virus
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Sudan?
What is the acurate number of Coronavirus patients in Japan?
How many cases in India?
stats of corona virus in carribbean
please query the amount confirmed corona cases in Pakistan
let me have an update on the cases of corona virus infected persons in Indonesia
how many cases are in german land
stats for the corona virus in Cuba
are covid 19 cases up in china
Does Sweden have any corona cases, if so how many?
How many people have been counted with the corona virus all around the world?
Do people have corona virus in America?
Which countries have the most cases of coronavirus?
What are the total number of people infected with coronavirus in the world?
Let me know how many corona cases there are in Australia
Has anyone in the Kyrgyzstan been infected yet?
how many confirmed cases of covid 19 are in japan
how many cases has Rwanda got
how many cases has rhode island got
show me the statistics for cases in Russia?
stats of corona virus in montana
i need the total no of deaths
can you tell me how many people have corona virus in spain
How many have it in Rhode Island?
How many individuals have COVID-19 in China?
stats of corona virus in portland, oregon
What is the death toll in Kenya?
Give me the number of corona virus cases in the United States.
Can you update me with the latest amount of infected by Coronavirus in Spain?
Indicate the number of cases in the bay area.
How many people have it in Turkey?
How many people have tested positive for the corona virus in the US?
stats please
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beining?
how many cases have been confirmed in my homeland
I'm concerned about my grandfather in Canada. Are there a lot of cases of the corona virus there?
How many corona cases are positive currently in Austrailia
You want to know statistics on the corona virus?
is guyana corona infested?
How bad is corona virus in America?
stats of corona virus in cambodia
Has the coronavirus gotten to Burma yet?
How many people in Serbia?
Has Bhutan been infected yet?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Ireland?
Has the coronavirus gotten to Korea yet?
please give me the amount of persons affected with the corona in Europe
could you display how many cases there are so far, i'm really worried
covid statistics
Please tell me the number of people being tested positive for corona virus in USA.
What are the numbers of corona virus for China?
how many cases has finland got
Are there confirmed cases of covid 19 in the usa?
Please tell me the amount of people with corona in Eritrea.
give me a. total no of deaths
Has the coronavirus gotten to Russia yet?
How many died in Cuba?
how many cases of corona virus are there in sweden
let me have an update on the cases of corona virus infected persons in the state of Indonesia
How many corona cases does Mexico have as of yesterday?
Can you please tell me the number of confirmed corona cases in Nepal?
italian stats
I am wonder if it's possible for the corona virus to here in America
Approximately how many people are infected by the coronavirus in Dominica ?
how many cases are in switzerland
Whats the latest coronavirus stats in Burundi ?
how many people have died from the corona virus in Italy
How many cases in Niger?
how many covid-19 cases that died in maryland
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Botswana?
percentage of people infected with corona virus in europe
stats of corona virus in portland
Has the United Kingdom been infected yet?
I'm wondering if the corona virus outbreak is bad in Brazil. How many cases are there?
What are the numbers in France for those who've contracted coronavirus?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Kuwait?
How many cases in Madagascar?
How many active cases are there in Spain?
How many Albanians have died?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in the Dominican Republic?
How many cases in Brazil?
How many Andorrans have died?
Has the coronavirus gotten to Australia yet?
Corona virus count in Italy?
How many cases in Grenda?
stats of corona virus in americs
immediately give me the amount of a person who was die from corona in Brazil
How many projected corona cases are in the USA?
my grand mother is very sick with the flu can tell me if their is a possibility that the corona virus is in the philippines
How is Canada doing with respect to the corona virus count
How many people are infected in Russia?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Lithuania?
how many people have it
whats the statistics for corona in France?
How many Libians have died?
How many people in Europe have Coronavirus?
How many people have died of corona virus in italy
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in England?
Has Pakinstan been infected yet?
Can i get an estimate of the number of people infected with coronavirus in the US?
What state in the USA has the most coronavirus cases?
how many men have the cornoavirus in Japan?
Has anyone in Madagascar been infected yet?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Paraguay?
how many people have the corona virus in the United States?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Liechtenstein?
How many people from Yemen have died?
show me the total number of cases in canada
How many positive Covid-19 test results have been reported in Iceland?
Has the coronavirus gotten to Malawi yet?
Tell me the number of positive cases of coronavirus in Italy.
How many Belgiums have died?
how many cases in Brazil?
Show me the real time numbers on coronavirus cases in Indonesia
How many people have coronavirus in Germany
Does the Bahamas have any tested corona cases in currently
how many peopple have died from corona
Stats for infected with corona virus in Cambodia
How many people in the US that were tested for coronavirus tested positive?
How many cases in Jordan?
Denmark has how many fatalities?
how many dead of COVID-19 in nevada
Did you get a number on those in England who are infected with the coronavirus?
How many people have corona virus in America?
The news has a big coverage on corona virus on radio. I want to know how many people are confirmed contracting the virus here in America.
patient count in USA
Please find out how many people in Oregon have died from the corona virus.
how many cases has america got
What is the affected population of those with Coronavirus in Benin?
what is the number of confirmed cases in the USA of covid 19?
Does Africa have any cases?
In Korea how many people have corona virus?
im really worried about corona virus deaths
how many dead from CV 19 in america
show me the infection data 
what are the stats worldwide
How many cases in Saint Lucia?
What is the amount of infected corona cases in Canada
How many people in Puerto Rico has tested positive for the Coronavirus?
show me the data for murica
Has the coronavirus gotten to Barbados yet?
How many people have it in Finland?
How many people in the USA have tested positive for the coronavirus?
How many documented cases of coronavirus are there in the US?
How many cases in Vietnam?
how many cases has mass got
What amount of people have been counted positive for the corona virus in Japan?
What is the total tested positive cases in Iran?
what is the number of people who have corona virus in china
How many people have it in Switzerland?
stats of corona virus in new zealand
Count how many people in Italy have the corona virus
Has the Philippines been infected yet?
hey please show me data about the covid 19 pandemic
Do you know how many people in Peru have died from the corona virus?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in North Macedonia?
how many cases are in Djibouti
How many people have it in Poland?
How many individuals have coronavirus in the USA?
Has the coronavirus gotten to Grenada yet?
how many cases are in spain
How many people have tested positive for COVID-19 in America?
Has New Guinea been infected yet?
How many Dominicans have died?
How many people in the US have the corona virus?
How many Namibians have died?
overall COVID 19 Cases
please note an amount of cases affected corona cases in suriname
how many people died in the usa
stats on italy
Has Mexico been infected yet?
Was is the latest count of covid-19 victirms in Ethiopia?
How many have died in San Diego?
How many have died in San Francisco?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Estonia?
Has the coronavirus gotten to Ecador yet?
how many persons have died from the virus in columbia?
how many covid-19 cases in argentina
How many persons from Saint Vincent and the Grenadines have died?
how much cases is in a specific region?
Canada has how many cases?
What is the death toll in China for the corona virus
How many cases in Argentina?
How many cases in France?
How many people are affected with the coronavirus in Ireland?
im doing some research and i need the total amount of cases
How many confirmed corona cases are there in India?
has guyana been corona effected?
What's the count of the people who have coronavirus in El Salvador ?
I am hearing about this corona virus thing all over the global and i'm getting worried if in anywhere close to my country, can you tell me if it's in panorama
Whats the latest count of corona cases in Africa?
Has the coronavirus gotten to the Philippines yet?
Has anyone in the Gambia been infected yet?
please get me the number of corona virus deaths in canada
stats of corona virus in dominican republic
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Belgium?
How many cases in Cyprus?
How many corona virus cases in Iran?
Is there anyone tested positive for corona virus in South Africa?
how many dead of COVID-19 in arizona
I am hearing about this corona virus thing all over the global and i am getting worried if in anywhere close to my country, can you tell me if it's in panorama
What is the virus count in russia?
Tell me the total amount of people with corona virus in France.
what are the stats for corona virus in us
What is the status of corona cases in Canada?
What's the number of people in Canada who've contracted the coronavirus?
Can you discern who has the coronavirus in the country of South Korea?
I am wonder if it is possible for the corona virus to here in America
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Burkina Faso?
can you tell me if spain was affected by corona?
How many people in Portagul have died?
how many people died in canda
How many people have been diagnosed with Covid19 in USA
stats of corona virus in cali
Has the coronavirus gotten to Kribati yet?
How many people are expected to get the coronavirus in Equatorial Guinea ?
How many people have COVID-19 in Italy?
how many cases in Puerto Rico?
How many people are positive for corona virus in China?
What is the current number of corona virus patients in Germany?
what is the total number of confirmed cases in the world right now
Regarding Norway, we need to know how many people are infected with the coronavirus.
England corona virus infected numbers
Newfoundland has how many cases?
Can you tell me the amount of people who have recovered from the coronavirus in the US?
I would like to know the number of patients with corona virus in Spain.
What amount of individuals possess coronavirus in the UK?
How many people have gotten it in the UK?
How about Thailand?
Sweden's death toll is what?
How many deaths in South America that has been died of corona?
can you look up how many people have corona virus in the united states
how many cases has arizona got
What are the latest stats for the corona virus in the UK?
How many people are currently infected with COVID-19 in Canada?
Do you know if the number of new coronaviru cases in Madagascar has decreased?
Show me the stats for corona virus cases in Georgia.
stats of corona virus in guatemala
What's the count of the number of people with coronavirus in the state of Texas?
how many cases are in sweden
What is the statistics of people with the corona virus in uganda
stats of corona virus in vancouver, washington
Has Iceland been infected yet?
how many cases of corona virus are there in england
how is peru looking when it comes infect corona cases
How many cases in Indonesia?
How many woman in Malta have the coronavirus?
How many people in Italy have tested positive for Corona Virus.
Has Brazil been infected yet?
What is the death toll for corona virus in Bahrain as of today?
How many people in Belarus have COVID-19?
How many people have it in Columbia?
show me stats on england now
show me number of people affected by the coronavirus
What are the stats in Belize for corona?
How many cases in Antigua and Barbuda?
So, what are the corona virus stats in Columbia?
How many cases in Vatican City?
how many cases has texas got
How many cases of corona virus in Germany
how many sick in Panama
What is the percentage of the corona virus globally
How many Swiss have died?
stats of corona virus in brazil
What is the total number of people in China that have the corona virus
how many person died italy
What are the total number of corona deaths in Russia?
How many people got the virus in New Zealand?
How many coronavirus cases in the United States?
How many people in Nepal?
What's the count of the number of people with coronavirus in Saint Lucia?
how many cases has montana got
How many Cubans have died?
statistics
How many people have coronavirus in each country?
how many cases are in france
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Jordan?
What is the number of people identified with corona virus in China?
i want to know how many deaths they are in my home country
guyanese infection rate
What is the corona case count in Turkery
What are the statistics on COVID-19 in North Macedonia?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Mauritius?
what is the number of people with corona virus in japan
What is the most up to date number of people contracted with corona virus in USA?
I'd like to know how many reports of the corona virus have been made in Taiwain.
How many cases in Latvia?
What is the situation in Turkey like related to the corona virus?
What is the number of confirmed cases of covid 19 in the USA?
How many people in Ireland have coronavirus?
How many cases are in Central African Republic of the corona virus?
Give me the number of infected persons with the corona virus in Mexico.
What number of people have COVID-19 in the UK?
stats of corona virus in new mexico
Has anyone in the Czech Republic been infected yet?
Please inform me of the number of folks in Mexico who've contracted coronavirus.
stats for the corona virus in Cuba?
How many cases of this corona virus are being reported in the United States?
stats of corona virus in billings
How many people in Ecuador?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Kosovo?
how many dead of COVID-19 in california
How many cases in United Arab Emirates?
amount of cases affected corona cases in suriname
can you tell me the amount of persons diagnosed?
How many people in Aruba have the coronavirus?
How many people in Austria?
What is the death toll from the Corona virus in Chile?
How many Bosnians have died?
How many people in each country have the coronavirus?
Has Cameroon been infected yet?
how many covid-19 cases that died in south dakota
how many cases has new hampshire got
Are there as many cases of corona virus in Canada as there are in the United States?
I want to know how many people are tested positive for corona virus in Iran.
How many diagnoses of corona virus have been recorded in Chile?
How many people died in Germany?
How many cases of corona in Cyprus?
How many people have coronavirus in Côte d'Ivoire ?
Has Niger been infected yet?
Has the coronavirus gotten to Albania yet?
I would like to know how many people are tested positive with corona virus in USA.
How many cases in Montenegro?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Africa?
My cousin lives in Spain, and I worry about her with this whole corona virus situation. Are there a lot of cases in Spain?
How many people died from Covid-19 in Italy?
do you have stats on this virus?
how many cases has Denmark got
Can you tell me the number of corona cases in South Korea?
Have there been a lot of corona virus cases reported in England? I'm going there next week.
What are the current expected statistics of individuals infected by the coronavirus in Iran?
How many individuals possess coronavirus in bhutan?
What us the amount of people with the corona virus in Canada?
Show me the current numbers of people infected with the coronavirus in burkina Faso.
Can you tell me the infection amount in Madagascar?
stats of corona virus in north africa
can you tell me what's the statistics for guyana
what is the amount infect corona cases in South Africa
stats of corona virus in BC
How many cases in Finland?
whats the amount infect corona cases in South Africa
What are the number of Coronavirus cases in the US?
corona deaths?
can you tell me how much person died from coronavirus worldwide
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Fiji?
How many people have developed corona in Toronto Canada?
What's the count of the number of people with coronavirus in the state of New York?
What are the stats for the Philippines due to this situation?
How many people were diagnosed with the Coronavirus in Iraq?
Has the coronavirus gotten to Iceland yet?
What are the total number of cases of the virus in China?
What amount of people have the corona virus in Mauritania?
Give me a virus count in mexico
What is the death rate of coronavirus in Italy?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Banglidesh?
I'm wondering if it's safe to travel to the Bahamas, or if they have the corona virus there?
How many cases in Malta?
How many people have confirmed corona cases in New Zealand?
number of confirmed corona cases in Iran
Has the coronavirus gotten to Palau yet?
How many people in Estonia have COVID-19?
Has the coronavirus gotten to Ireland yet?
Do you have a figure on the people who are infected with coronavirus in Spain?
my grand mother was very sick with the flu can you tell me if their is a possibility that the corona virus is in the Philippines
Is the corona virus in America?
stats of corona virus in billings, montana
I want to see my family in China but what percentage of China's population has been infected with the virus?
How many people in China are still infected with corona virus?
What are the current numbers of infected people with coronavirus in India?
How many Pakistanis have died?
what is the cumulative number of people with the corona virus in China?
stats
Has the coronavirus gotten to Monaco yet?
how many cases are in guatemala
What's the number of cases in Scotland?
How many cases of corona are currently positive in Brazil
How many people have been diagnosed with Covid-19 in Costa Rica?
How many cases in Kuwait?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Panama?
How many cases in Australia?
How many people were diagnosed with corona virus in Germany?
what number of people have tested positive for corona virus in Italy?
GIve me the number of people that have corona virus in Mali.
what is the amount of persons that has gotten the corona virus in South Africa
stats on covid 
Let me know how many corona virus cases in India
Has Malaysia been infected yet?
Has anyone in Lesotho been infected yet?
show me what the cases and deaths look like toda
How many people in China have the virus?
summary of all COVID-19 cases
immediately give me the amount of a person who die from corona in Brazil
number of cases in trinidad and tabago
please let me have an update on the amount of corona cases in South Asia
show me the statistics for cases in Russia virus
total cases please
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Ghana?
corona numbers
I'm trying to find out if there have been any cases of the corona virus in Taiwan.
How many cases in Taiwan?
how many deaths are there so far?
How many active cases are there in Italy
How many people in Iraq have died?
How many people have it in Portugal?
How many people have it in Vietnam?
Do you know if there have been any reported cases of the corona virus in South Africa?
what number of corona infected people are in america
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Nicaragua?
How many Austrians have died?
how many positive corona cases are there in the unitted stated
How many people in Guatamala?
Can you let me know how many cases of this corona virus have been reported in Chile?
What's the count of the people who have coronavirus in Albania?
Has the coronavirus gotten to Thailand yet?
What is the latest number of coronavirus infected in Guinea ?
How many people in Equatorial Guinea have died?
How many cases of the novel disease are there in Canada
Does France have any people with COVID-19 cases, and if so, how many?
How many individuals have the Coronavirus in America?
what is the count of people with the corona virus in China?
i was planning to travel to dominica but before that i want to know how much cases they have already confirmed
How many Jamaicans have died?
how many cases of corona virus are there in england file?
stats of corona virus in middle east
Please tell me how many cases of COVID-19 are known in Namibia.
Has anyone in Pakistan been infected yet?
how is the peru looking when it comes infect corona cases
How many cases in Chile?
How many cases in Iraq?
how many deaths were they in st kitts
How many residents of China have the coronavirus?
Id like to know the national average amount of corona cases in Scotland
corona virus statistics
how many of us have covid 19
How many coronavirus cases do they have in Japan right now?
How many have tested positive for corona virus in Japan?
How many have died in Manhattan?
how many persons have died from the virus in columbia
so far how many deaths are there?
stats of corona virus in nevada
How are things in Russia looking with corona virus cases?
i need a total no of cases
please let me have an update on the number of corona cases in South Asia
stats of corona virus in missouri
How many cases of Corona in Mexico
Tell me the number of cases in Chatham County of the corona virus?
I would like to know the current number of people ill with coronavirus in Mexico
How many people have coronavirus in Comoros ?
How many deaths are being reported from Italy?
How many people in Canada have tested positive for the coronavirus?
How many confirmed coronavirus cases are there in Guatemala?
Where can i find out how many people are infected with the coronavirus in the US.
How many have died in Namibia?
Can you tell me the number of people in South Korea who have corona virus?
how many people have confirmed cases of the corona virus in the United States
how many cases has martha's vineyard got
stats of corona virus in australia
How many people have COVID-19 in Mexico?
How many people in Madagascar?
How many people are being reported to have Corona Virus in the USA?
how many dead of COVID-19 in Belizes
What is the amount of total corona cases confirmed in Argentina as of yesterday?
How many cases of corona virus are in the united state
Has anyone in Kenya been infected yet?
What are the stats for corona in US
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Nevis?
I'm traveling to Canada tomorrow, how many corona virus cases have been reported there?
How many people in France have the coronavirus?
Has anyone in Peru been infected yet?
What is the count of corona virus victims in China?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Algeria?
India has an infection rate of what?
how many people got the wuhan disease in Bangladesh
how many covid-19 cases in austin
Does India have any cases of corona, if it does how many does it have?
What are the current stats for corona cases in bolivia?
What is the corona virus count in Iraq?
show total deaths
i am from puerto rico and want to check the amount of covid cases that have been reported
how many people died in usa from corona?
What is the amount of humans that have the Coronavirus in china?
What is the number of corona virus cases in Russia?
how many dead of COVID-19 in tel aviv
How many cases are there in the Czech Republic?
how many dead of COVID-19 in north carolina
the united states has how many cases of corona
How many people have corona virus in the Uk?
How many people in the UK have been infected with the coronavirus?
How many people have Coronavirus in Japan?
how many cases has vermont got
What's the number of persons who are infected with the corona virus in Poland?
how many cases of corona virus are there in france?
how many cases has washington got
how many people have it in Macedonia?
can you tell me how much people in China have the Coronavirus
how many dead of COVID-19 in amsterdam
What is the number of people infected with Coronavirus that have not died?
How many people are infected with the Corona virus in the U.S.A.?
How many cases are there in Saudi Arabia?
What is the total death caused by corona virus in France.
How many cases are there now of Corona virus in the US
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Iran?
What is the current number of people infected with corona virus in London?
stats of corona virus in minnesota
Has the coronavirus gotten to Norway yet?
How many of the Mauritania citizens have died?
Can you fill me in on the total number of coronavirus cases in Colorado?
Tell me how many people have Coronvirus in Spain?
how many Americans have died from the coronavirus
Has anyone in Romania been infected yet?
How many people in Cuba are infected with the coronavirus?
total deaths and cases so far?
how many deaths so far?
What is the number of humans in the UK that have tested positive for CO-VID 19?
How many El Salvadorans have died?
How many cases of coronavirus are there in the US.
how many people died in japan
statistics for the corona virus in malta?
how many cases has south korea got
Can you let me know if there's any cases of the corona virus in Portugal?
whats the amount of cases of corona in Guyana
How many coronavirus patients are in the United States
Has the coronavirus gotten to Latvia yet?
Has Laos been infected yet?
i need virus stats for a project im working on
how many cases has mexico city got
How many cases in Eswatini?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Lebanon?
Can you tell me if the corona virus is here in Mexico?
What's the count of the people who have coronavirus in Costa Rica?
How many people have it in Ireland?
How many people have been diagnosed with coronavirus in Nicaragua ?
how many people have corona
how many dead of COVID-19 in arcata, cali
Has the Marshall Islands been infected yet?
How many are infected with corona virus in Mexico?
How many patients have corona virus in Germany
How many individuals possess COVID-19 in Japan?
stats of corona virus in Argentina
How many people have coronavirus in Egypt ?
Can you tell me the total amount of people with the Corona Virus in France?
What's the count of the people who have coronavirus in Chad ?
Does the Bahamas have any tested corona cases currently
How many people have COVID-19 in Australia?
How many Iranians have died?
How many Germans have died?
number of cases in spain
Is it known if there is a presence of Coronavirus in the Caribbean islands?
What is the average number of corona cases in England
How many cases of coronavirus are in Vietnam?
Has Argentina been infected yet?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Croatia?
Number of infected with corona virus in New Zealand?
stats of corona virus in maryland
how many cases are in america
How many people in Czechia (Czech Republic) have COVID-19?
Give me the statistics of people with the corona virus in the U.S
Can you please tell me the total number of individuals that have the Coronavirus in Spain?
How many Bolivians have died?
how me the numbers for the pandemic
I want the statistics for the number of patients with corona virus in Spain.
Get me the stats on the number of people infected with the coronavirus cases in Douglas county.
What is the death toll so far in Germany?
How many people have coronavirus in America?
please can you tell me the amount of confirmed corona cases in Afghanistan
Has Tajikistan been infected yet?
How many people have it in Holland?
How many cases in Oman?
How many people are infected with the corona virus in Monaco?
Has the coronavirus gotten to Boliva yet?
how many cases has mexico got
how many covid-19 cases in peru highlands
How many people has tested positive for the virus in the Uk?
how many cases of corona virus are in mexico
Do you know the count of people with corona virus in the US?
How many people in the United States are infected with the corona virus?
How many are infected with corona virus in India?
How many people in Maldives have died?
i wanna know what the total deaths are as of today
How many people tested positive for corona on the west coast of the United States
how many dead of CV in Qatar
Has anyone in the Bahamas been infected yet?
What is the number of people that carry coronavirus in Canada?
What's the accurate number of people affected by this coronavirus in Germany?
Give me the number of people who have been diagnosed with the coronavirus in the US
how much people get in guyana
How many Syrians have died?
look up the number of corona cases there are in noraway
I have family in India, could you give me information on the number of people infected with the coronavirus there?
How many people are infected with COVID-19 in the US?
How many people in Italy has contracted the coronavirus?
how many cases has cali got
What amount of individuals possess coronavirus in the Australia?
How many corona virus cases are there in Barbados?
What is the percentage of people infected with Coronavirus in England?
Has the coronavirus gotten to Cuba yet?
How many people in Poland have corona virus?
How many cases of coronavirus are there in Canada?
How many people have covid19 in mexico?
How many cases in East Timor?
How many cases in Paraguay?
Has the coronavirus gotten to India yet?
please show how many cases guyana has, i need it for some research
My uncle lives in Africa, are there any cases of coronavirus there yet?
How bad is the corona virus in Poland?
how many covid19 cases in Norway?
How many have died in Ontario?
Has the coronavirus gotten to Finland yet?
Has anyone in the Fiji been infected yet?
show me the world stats
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Azerbaijan?
How many corona virus cases are there in Britain?
What percentage of people in Spain have the coronavirus?
What the number of cases in Northern California up to of the covid-19?
What are the number of people with coronavirus in each country?
How many deaths have occurred from the corona virus?
What's the count of the number of people with coronavirus in the state of California?
Has the coronavirus gotten to Armenia yet?
How many people in China have Corona Virus?
How bad is the amount of people infected with the corona virus in the United States?
how many people have corona virus in the US
can you please tell me the amount of confirmed corona cases in Afghanistan
How many people from Cabo Verde have died?
how is the stats looking when it come to corona cases in Dubai
how many covid-19 cases in cali
How many cases in Peru?
How many active cases are there being reported in China?
how many diagnosis of covid-15 in mexico?
How many have died in New Zealand ?
How many people in Panama have died?
Has the coronavirus gotten to Bulgaria yet?
How many people have been killed by coronavirus in North Korea?
How many Americans have coronavirus?
how many cases are in luxembourg
Has the coronavirus gotten to Guinea yet?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Nauru?
how many cases in Cuba?
stats of corona virus in austria
I am wondering how many actual cases of corona are in Greece as of today?
How many cases in Burundi?
Please confirm the corona cases infected in Canada.
I would like to know the confirmed cases of corona virus in USA.
How many Dominican Republicans have died?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Iraq?
how many covid-19 cases that died in west virginia
My family is in Croatia and I'm wondering how many cases of corona virus have been reported there?
Give me results on cases from Poland
Help me find out the total number of coronavirus cases in the world.
How many deaths have been caused by Covid-19 in Nigeria?
How fast is corona spreading in Canada?
I'm interested in knowing how many people coronavirus has killed in Nepal.
stats of corona virus in argentina
how many cases are in canada
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Japan?
please count number of confirmed corona cases in Iran
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Uzbekistan?
How many cases are there in Denmark of Corona virus?
how many covid-19 cases in china
How many Nigerians have died?
What percent of the population of China have the coronavirus?
How many people have the Corona Virus in Italy because I need to visit there?
what are the current the number of people infected with corona virus in the us
stats of corona virus in vietnam
show me the current data regarding the pandemic
What is the total amount of people tested positive for corona virus in the United States?
how many corona virus cases in north america
How many Greece have died?
I need to know how many cases of corona are in Guatemala as of today?
What number of people have coronavirus in the United States?
Can you tell me how many people in India have corona virus?
In the Czech Republic, how many people are infected?
Has anyone in the United Kingdom been infected yet?
Tell me the number of people positive for the corona virus in Korea?
How many have died in Morocco ?
How many individuals have corona in the Philippines
how many cases has germany got
How many cases are there in Syria?
stats of corona virus in seattle
I don't think I should go to the United States because I know the virus has spread there but exactly how many cases have there been?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Egypt?
I live in canada, has there been affected by corona?
how many cases are in norway
number of deaths due to corona virus in United States
what are the numbers of dead people
what is the number of corona virus cases in italy
How many Greeks have died?
stats of corona virus in hawaii
Has the coronavirus gotten to Kenya yet?
stats of corona virus in DC
how many cases are in peru
how many guyanese are infected
Has Nigeria been infected yet?
We need to know how many in Portugal now have the coronavirus.
how many cases are in germany
how many cases of corona virus are there in spain
stats of corona virus in north korea
What is the number of people infected with COVID-19 in Japan?
How many people have gotten the corona virus in Nauru ?
how many cases has sweden got
can you tell me the amount of confirmed corona cases in afghanistan
How many people are currently infected with coronavirus in Cameroon ?
how many diagnosis of covid-19 in mexico?
How many people have been infected with Covid19 in Japan?
How many people are diagnosed with the coronavirus everyday in China?
What is the number of deaths that have occurred due to coronavirus in Pakistan?
What is the amount of people infected with corona virus in China?
How many people have corona in India?
how many dead of COVID-19 in Belgium
Hey, how many cases of corona virus in Greenland?
How many people in Liechtensein have died?
Do you know how many in Scotland have tested positive for coronavirus?
What's the case total for COVID-19 in China now?
How many people, living or dead, have gotten coronavirus in the US?
What is the current amount of corona cases in the United States
How many cases of corona virus have appeared in the United States?
How many people across the world have Coronavirus?
What's the total number of coronavirus cases in the United Kingdom
How many Libyans have died?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Angola?
How many people are currently infected with the Coronavirus in Italy?
Are there any corona infected people in Iceland?
How many countries are not infected with COVID-19?
how much covid cases does it have right now? i am from new zealand
Can you tell me the number of people positive for the corona virus in Italy?
Can you tell me if there are many corona virus cases in Mexico?
How many people in Finland?
How many in Slovakia?
What is the daily average new cases of people infected in the US?
Has anyone in Mozambique been infected yet?
whats the death in china from corona?
I want to know the number of persons sick with Corona in Finland .
How many people has died in America?
How many cases in the Netherlands?
How many cases in Luxembourg?
Has the coronavirus gotten to Vietnam yet?
Has venezuela been infected yet?
How many people are infected with corona virus in Italy?
hey i'm a tourist that recent travelled to jamaica can you let me know how many cases were confirmed here
How many cases in Spain?
how many covid-19 cases in north dakot
Update me on the positive cases in Hungary .
show me corona stats now, im really worried
let me have an update on the amount of corona cases in South Asia
how many cases of corona virus are there in england?
What is the total number of people with coronavirus in Peru?
stats of corona virus in oregon
Has the coronavirus gotten to Poland yet?
How many cases in Bahrain?
How many Ugandans have died?
Has the coronavirus gotten to the country of Georgia yet?
What's the number of cases of the cirus in Russia?
i need world stats on this virus
How many people in guyana have Corona Virus?
How many people on South Korea have Corona Virus?
how many cases has peru got
how many covid-19 cases that died in vancouver BC
What number of people have coronavirus in Japan?
Number of cases of corona virus in us
give me the amount of persons affected with the corona in Europe
do you know how many people have covid 19 in california
How many people in Tibet?
Has the coronavirus gotten to Laos yet?
Which country has the most corona cases
Give me the current number of active Coronavirus cases in the United States.
How many people have died from the Corona virus in Russia?
Has California been greatly affected by the corona virus?
Give me the count for infected in Australia
How many cases in Belize?
Calculate the number of people in the United States that have corona virus
let me know how much cases Guyana have
Has Bangladesh been infected yet?
since everywhere is shutting down can you tell me what is the total count for the entire world
How many cases in Kyrgyzstan?
number of deaths in jersey
How many people in Uganda?
How many people in India?
What is the amount of people with Coronavirus in Côte d'Ivoire ?
What's the infected cases in the world altogether?
please note the amount of cases affected corona cases in suriname
How many people in Uruguay have died?
world statistics
How many people in Germany?
how many people tested positive for corona virus in the us
show me the stats
How many people have coronavirus in the US?
Give me an update on the number of confirmed cases of corona virus in Haiti .
cases so faR?
How many individuals possess coronavirus in China?
What is the last number of coronavirus cases in the USA?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Mali?
Has Jamaica been infected yet?
How many Costa Ricans have died?
number of infections in china
Has anyone in the Grenadines been infected yet?
Has the coronavirus gotten to Belize yet?
How many cases in Qatar?
how many cases has france got
Has the coronavirus gotten to Malta yet?
Whats the number of cases for corona in Canada?
Can you tell me the stats in Ireland for corona?
how many cases has north korea got
How many people are affected by the Coronavirus worldwide?
Has Guatemala been infected yet?
how many cases are in fraince
What is the number of deaths from Covid-19 in Spain?
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Belarus?
How many people in Italy have died so far?
stats of corona virus in washington
what are the infection statistics
What is the death rate from Coronavirus in Africa?
How many cases in Kazakhstan?
What is the total number of confirmed corona virus cases across the country in USA?
Are the corona cases in Italy declining or still growing?
How many cases in Benin?
What is the number of confirmed cases in Italy?
how many people died in slovakia?
stats of corona virus in arizona
I need to know the total number of confirmed cases of coronavirus in Japan.
tally of cases in barbados
how many persons have died from the virus in columbia place?
Has Jordan been infected yet?
how many trinidadians died from corona virus
How many have it in Toledo?
query the amount confirmed corona cases in Pakistan please
Please let me know how many people have gotten coronavirus in New Zealand .
How much of Japan's population has the corona virus?
show me the numbers
How may confirmed cases of Covid-19 does Aruba have?
What is the number of people who are sick with corona in Israel?
How many Floridians have died?
how many cases have they confirmed in berbice right now
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Hungary?
how many people dead in georgia
How many people have gotten coronavirus in Nauru ?
Tell me how many people now have corona in the US.
Does China have any new confirmed cases of corona virus since March 19th?
ow many people died in slovakia?
How many people in Malaysia?
Statistics of Samoa
How many French have died?
What is the total number of people infected with the corona virus in Italy?
I need to know how many people have confirmed corona cases in Denmark.
how many cases has norawy got
what is the count of people in Italy with the coronavirus?
How many people in Nepal have died?
Please provide the latest WHO numbers for coronavirus cases in Iran
I am very concerned about the pandemic crisis of corona virus. I want to know the number of infected corona virus cases in USA now.
Has Ecuador been infected yet?
How many Haitians have died?
how many people have it in Taiwan
Has the coronavirus gotten to the Bahamas yet?
Corona virus infected number in Africa?
Can you tell me the exact number of corona virus cases in Mexico?
What are the numbers of patients in UCSF hospital who have coronavirus?
how many cases has oregon got
How many people in Sweden?
How many people have it in Romania?
Has the coronavirus gotten to Guam yet?
How many deaths are there in china
How many confirmed cases of corona in Wales?
How many people in Azerbaijan have COVID-19?
How many cases in Iran?
how many people contracted corona virus in the us
I need to find out how many people are sick with the coronavirus in China.
How many people have died from Coronavirus since the beginning in Zimbabwe?
How many people have tested postive for the Corona Virus in the United States?
What is the number of corona virus cases in Papua New Guinea ?
How many people have it in Belgium?
corona virus are Nauru in spindled?
how many dead of COVID-19 in in coachella
Corona virus statistics in Italy?
Which countries have cases of the coronavirus?
What is the number of people with the corona virus in Australia?
Has the coronavirus gotten to the United States yet?
how many covid-19 cases in peru
Everyone around me is talking about corona virus. Can you tell me how many people got the virus in USA.
what was the amount infect corona cases in South Africa
stats of corona virus in macchu picchu
Has Chad been infected yet?
How many died in California?
Has Afghanistan been infected yet?
stats of corona virus in eugene
how many cases are in russia
How many have died in Riverside?
How many people in Pakistan?
What's the count of infected people in Seminole County, Florida?
the amount of cases that america has
Please tell me how many people are tested positive for corona virus in USA.
can i get world stats now?
please display world stats for this virus
Has the coronavirus gotten to Germany yet?
how many cases has south carolina got
Tell me the number of people that has gotten the corona virus in South Africa
Has Brunei been infected yet?
i need belgium stats please
I wonder if the numbers of corona virus infectious cases in Venezuela are true. Do you know the real cases of infected with Coronavirus in Venezuela?
Show me the stats for Corona in Russia
please let me have an update on the cases of corona virus infected persons in Indonesia
i wonder how many cases exist worldwide
How many corona cases are being confirmed every day in Italy?
How many South Koreans have died?
How many cases in the US?
Has Cambodia been infected yet?
how many people died in china
How many individuals have corona in the Philippines?
Has the coronavirus gotten to Liberia yet?
Give me the number of cases in Canada!
Has Canada been infected yet?
how many people are sick in america with the rona
Has the coronavirus gotten to Comoros yet?
show me the deaths from corona virus in barbados please
do you also have statistical info on the virus?
What are the established number of people with the coronavirus in Ecuador?
What is the confirmed amount in the USA for positive in corona?
Id like to know the current stats of the corona virus in Mexico
