can you tell me what this virus is, like a definition
is the cornavirus deadly
how to identify the corona
define the virus please
what is this thing about
just get me the definition of it
rona information
what are the medics saying this thing is
I want some info on the rona virus COVID-19 send
explain to me what this thing really is
 can you tell me about c o v i d
Whats up with this COVID-19?
I need to learn of coronavirus
tell me about ti
covid information is what i need
tell me more about the new strand of the corona virus
hey can i get more information on this virus
let me see a definition of it
can you tell as a danger corona virus in the world
Where did COVID-19 come from?
tell me about the coronavirus
what do the professionals say it is
Can you talk more about COVID-19?
i want to know why its so bad
tell me more about ronavirus
show me the infromation i need to learn about the coronavirus
please tell me about rona virus
what are the doctors saying about the virus
Give me the details on COVID-19 (Corona virus).
what is this thing though
i need an explanation as to what the hell this covid-19 is
i would like to know more information on this coronavirus
what in the hell is coronavirus
Please tell me what COVID-19 is people
i want to learn about the coronavirus
what is this corona thing
let me know the professional definition
what is COVID-19?
tell me about the covid-19
please tell me about covid
Could you explain Covid-19?
let me know what it is about
What is Corona virus?
whar are professionals saying it is
what is c o v i d 19
Tell me the facts about COVID-19.
i want to leran about the coronavirus
is this virus serious
What can you tell me about Corona virus?
tell me of rona 
define corona
show me what you have on the coronavirus
tell me about the corona virus in 2020
Tell me about corona virus, please
teach me about the corona
what is the corona virus really
what is this virus though, is it even real
i need to know the way of the coronavirus
so whats up with this new virus going around
Please tell me what COVID-19 is
i just want to know what this virus is 
exactly give me a definition
Tell me about COVID-19
what is it though
rona info please
whay is this virus so bad
just teach me about the rona
what does coronavirus mean
i dont seem to understand what this virus is
actually let me know what this thing is
could you tell what is COVID -19 and its symptoms?
whats the virus
What is COVID-19
is the coronavirus fatal
tell me more about this virus
give me all the general information about the corona virus
tell me about the ronavirus
just enlighten me about the rona
i just neeed general definition of this virus
get me a working definition please
let this virus be defined please
i want to lean about corona
can you help me to learn about coronavirus
can i get a definition of the rona
i need to know what this corona virus is about
start telling me about the corna please
i need some general info on what this corona is and how it will affect me
Can you give me information about the corona virus known ad COVID -19
teach me of COVID-19
what in tarnation is corona
what is this virus exactly
i need infomation on this thing
some info on what this virus is would be great
can you tell me what the chinese says the virus is
why is this virus such a big deal 
i need to know if this virus is real or not
just tlel me what is this virus
How serious is COVID-19?
Lemme know about the danger in 2020 on covid
help me understand what it is
i happened to hear about this virus tell me what it is
Is COVID-19 the same as the coronavirus?
what does the officials say this virus is
explain to me what the corona virus is
what can you teach me about the corona
does this thing let me know about the corona virus
what can ytou teach me about the rona
What is the corona virus and what are the symptoms?
define this thing
teach me about corona
Tell me about COVID-19.
what is this thing going around
I need to understand covid-19
teach me about the virus
is this virus timilar to sars
please help me find out more about the virus
How does Corona virus affect me?
whar are people saying this vius is
can you help me understand covid-19?
please define the virus
Im in a hurry let me know more of covid please
get me a working definition of this corona virus
tell me what i need to know about the virus
what si corona
let me understand what the coronavirus is
i want to findout what this virus is
Do you know what the coronavirus is?
is this virus real?
is this thing even that important, what is it
COVID-19 what is it?
what is COC ID
let me gwt the official definition of the corona virus
help me understand what this virus is
what should i say the coronavirus is
i wanna find out what this virus is
actually get me a definition of this thing
I happen to hear about the corona what is it
want to know about
whad do professionals say this virus is
let me know what this thing is actually
whar is rona
Now let me get the definition of it
should i believe this , what is this thing really
i want to know the definition of it now
i need to know about it
i need to know what this virus thing is about
Please give me some information on COVID -19.
Can you please tell me all about this corona virus?
Can you explain to me what all the fuss is about corona virus
what do people say the coronavirus is
teach me of the ronavirus
what do medics define it as
What can you tell me about the coronavirus?
enlighten me of the rona
Please describe Coronavirus COVID-19
what does covid translate to
me want get teach about corona
i need some information on this thing
let me know about the rona virus
explain the virus now
can i see what it is about
information on it
What should I know about corona virus
whad do the italians say the virus is
Please tell me what you know about corona virus.
let me know what it is though
2020 rona what is it
what can you teach me about the COVID-19
What are the details on COVID -19?
what can i know about the coronavirus
i need to know how this virus works, tell me more 
tell me about the corona virus in china 2020
what happens to be the coronavirus
I would like to know more of the corona
temm le the definition of the virus
i heard it's like sars how accurate is that
what is this virus i hear people talking about
lemme know ot find out what this virus really is
what do professionals say this virus is
please let me what this thing actually is
what is the rona
what is this rona virus thing about
teach me about covid
What even is COVID-19?
explain to me what in the world is this virus
tell me about it
what is it thought
just let me know more about this coronavirus
i want info on why this is such a big deal
Can you tell me exactly what this rona thing is?
lemme know about the rona
i am interested in learning about the coronavirus
make me more knowledgable about corona
how about info on this covid-19
I think id like to know about the corona virus
What is going on with COVID-19
what really is this virus
what do the russians define this virus as
i need information on the coronavirus
geme info on this virus 
define it please
just give me the general details fo this virus
what is the meaning of coronavirus
Can you tell me about COVID-19 corona virus?
i need to know more
can i see what this thing actually is
get me a working definition on this virus
can i see the details of this virus
lemme just see the definition of this so called coronavirus
What information are you aware of with regards to Corona virus?
what is the virus really, what do the doctors say
what do professionals define it as
Hi i would like to see a consise definition of our 2020 coronavirus
Is the coronavirus the flu?
i need to see what this virus thing is about
corona virus what is it
tell me what it is
precisely give me a definition
Can you give me information on corona virus
tel me bout corona
tell me about this new virus going all round the world
lemme know bout corona
i need to find out more about the virus
what do prople say about the virus
actually get me a professional definition please
let me see details of corona
is this virus that important, what si it exactly
covid-19 virus let me know about it
just elmme know what this thing actually is
is the coronavirus from china
explain to me what the coronavirus is
let me get a definition of the virus
What is corona virus?
what this virus thing is
please let me know what this coronavirus is
i need to learn about this virus
Explain to me about COVID-19.
 what is CEO of vit
what is the 2020 corona 
Could you provide me with information about COVID -19?
may i know about the corona virus in 2020
i want some information about how this new virus corona can affect me
Whats the hipe on the new virus called COVID-19?
help me know what it is
whats it
remind me about the corona please
what is it
tell me about coronavirus
Hey teach me nabout the corona virus
remind me what the corona virus is please
lemme know whats it about
this corona tell me about it
answer what the corona is
I want some info on the rona virus COVID-19
coronavirus. i want to know about it
tell me of the virus
define the virus
i need more knowledge of the coronavirus
what is it about
i about the corona virus known ad COVID -19
what do professionals say the corona is
what does the world say this virus is
Tell me bout corona please
remind me what this virus is
Can you give me information about the corona virus known as COVID-19
What's this COVID-19 that everyone's talking about?
All around the world there is a virus can you tell me about it?
please explain what the virus is
What should I know about COVID-19?
what do people say the virus is
what makes it so bad
info please
I want some info on the rona virus COVID-18
teach me the definition of the virus
is this virus that deadly,teach me more
Is this thing professional, what is the virus
is covid a coronavirus
wat is corona virus
what is the virus though
what it this virus though, define it
what does WHO says the corina is
tell me about the corona virus in 2019
i just need to get a proper definition of it
I’ve been hearing a lot about this corona virus situation, Can you explain to me what all the fuss is about?
this covid 19 virus tell me more
what does who say about the virus
wat is covid 19
please remind me what COVID-19 is again
tell me of rona please
2020 corona tell me about it
define corona please
