Can you get me in touch with a salon agent so I can get my waxing done?
Can you put me in contact with a salon agent so I can book a manicure?
I'm trying to get a manicure this weekend so please put me in touch with a salon agent.
Can you get a salon agent on the other line so I can book my hair appointment?
I'd like to get my hair done this weekend and need to speak with a salon agent.
Do you wax hairbrows?
Who can I make an appointment for hair with?
Do you have a manicurist I can talk to?
Is a stylist available?
The manicurist can I speak to her?
Connect me with a salon to get my hair cut.
I need to get an appointment at a salon for a manicure.
I need to talk to someone at the salon about making an appointment.
I need to get a haircut and a manicure at a salon.
I need to book an appointment with a salon agent.
If you can help me get in touch with a salon agent that would be great.
I'm interested in speaking with a salon agent since I'm trying to get some waxing finished.
I want a haircut this weekend so can you put me in touch with a salon agent?
I'd like to get a haircut tomorrow and need to talk with a salon agent.
I want you to put me in touch with a salon agent so I can book the appointment for my haircut.
I need my nails done.
I need my hair styled.
I need to get my manicure today.
I want a haircut now.
I need to get waxed.
Does your salon do bridal parties?
Do you offer threading?
Do you offer acrylics?
Does your salon offer organic hair coloring products?
I want to talk with a salon agent who can help me book my haircut.
I need to speak with a salon agent in order to get my haircut appointment booked.
Can you please get a salon agent on the phone for me so I can book my haircut?
I've been trying to get a haircut for weeks so please get a salon agent on the phone for me.
Get a salon agent on the phone so I can get my haircut booked.
Can I make an appointment for a bikini wax?
Is someone available on Saturday to color my hair?
I just need a quick trim - how long will I have to wait?
Can I make an appointment for tomorrow afternoon for a manicure?
Can I get a pedicure on Saturday morning?
I'm thinking about doing my hair and nails here.
I'd like to come in for a manicure.
I just need a haircut.
I just want a wax job done.
Do you do haircuts and eyebrow waxing?
this time you surely do some different style for my hair
try some different hair color this time
i need to look professional this time
need to cut very shortly this time
need to roll my hair this time
Can you get a salon agent to speak with me so I can book my hair appointment?
Could you do me a favor and put me in touch with a salon agent so I can book my nail appointment?
Could you go ahead and get a salon agent on the line so I can book my haircut?
Can you please make sure that a salon agent calls me so I can get my hair appointment booked?
Can you get a salon agent on the phone right now so I can book my hair appointment?
Do you wax hairbrows also?
Can you give me pricing to do my hair and nails today?
Will you be able to do a manicure after my haircut?
Can you cut hair and do nails?
Do you do body waxing here?
can you tell me the price for normal hair cut
can you tell me price for hair cut with hair wash
what is the quote for hair color
let me know the price for manicure
let me know the price for pedicure
I'd like to get my nails done this weekend so I want to talk with a salon agent.
I want to talk with a salon agent so I can book my hair appointment.
Could you get a salon agent in touch with me so I can book my hair appointment?
Could you please get me in touch with a salon agent so I can book my nail appointment?
I really need to get my nails done so please put a salon agent in contact with me.
Today is there someone who can give me pricing to do my hair and nails?
I need pricing to do my hair and nails.
I am seeking pricing to do my hair and nails.
I want someone to give me pricing to do my hair and nails.
Do you have braids in your salon?
Do you offer wash and set service in your salon and how much?
Want somebody who can braid my hair
Blowdry and treatment is how much?
Is there somebody who can do dreadsneed natural dreads
Where can I get a cheap mani and pedi?
Who in my area can do a last minute touch up?
Where can I book a hair appointment online?
Who can give me prices for a color and trim?
I need to get ready for a photoshoot who can I schedule an appointment with?
let me know the designs of hair cuts
let me know some hair colors
let me show some different styles of nail art
i want to straighten my hair
let me know some new designs of hair style